it's crazy you really can't plan
anything around here we've just had a
call from the fire department saying
they found a baby sloth hey Sam hey max
they say it's a newborn baby sloth I
don't know if it's to Chhotu three-toed
I don't know anything other than we have
to go meet them I have to go now
let's jump in luckily it's only a
20-minute drive to the fire station in
the nearby town of Cape especially
something like a baby sloth you have to
react really quickly go right away
because every day every hour every
minute can make a difference and whether
they survive or not you better give me
some direction Co idea where the fire
station is just keep going to go on the
right way
it's barely gone in pants right there
it's a two-tone it looks brand-new
absolutely telling me those
how many days old do you think this
little guy could be I'll do a better
exam once we get to the clinic but mere
days old thank you
[Music]
what did the guy say where did they find
him apparently there was a couple
walking along the beach this morning and
they heard him crying they make a really
loud crying noise when they're not with
their mothers and so they found them and
they looked everywhere for the mom but
they couldn't find her anywhere that's
when they called 911 this is definitely
a newborn that we're dealing with here
this is going to be tricky
the first stop is the centers clinic for
a thorough check over so I'm just gonna
look over his body a little bit and see
if we see any kind of wounds or anything
that's abnormal
he looks good I don't see any wounds at
all so that's good let's turn him over
and look at his belly so his bellybutton
umbilical cord is gone but it's still
inflamed so it looks like the umbilical
cord came off very recently it's really
gripping all night the last thing that
goes is their grip the fact that he
still has an extremely strong grip I
mean that's really really good
he's actually 275 grams very small and
he's at the bottom of the normal weight
range for two-toed sloths honestly he's
just so tiny that before we give him a
proper name I think we'll just call him
tiny tiny is the smallest slot that Sam
has ever looked after and at this age
one of the biggest risks is dehydration
it's critical that Sam can get fluids
into him fast
oh my gosh good job bud
that's amazing that's this is like the
best result that we could possibly hope
for because it's not only does he want
to drink but he clearly knows what he's
doing he's just so you would think
you'll asleep Tony how much fluids you
need to get inside there if I could get
five milliliters in him then I think
that that would be a pretty good place
to start for now and at the next feeding
in a couple hours I'll try again and
just keep going like that throughout the
day
tiny is just so small I don't think I've
ever seen a baby animal this vulnerable
and now for Sam it's gonna be a massive
commitment she's gonna look after him
24/7 feeding him every few hours she's
probably not gonna get much sleep
you